titles:

- Hiring for diversity


You might think of a few adjectives when you first meet the
Big Health engineering team...


Big Health are proud to be an Affirmative Action employer -
we actively embrace diversity and flexibility in our work
culture.

The human problems we are tackling - problems like poor
sleep, depression, and anxiety - affect all individuals
regardless of their race, ethnicity, religion or
circumstances. This gives us a powerful motive to work
towards the same diversity in our own culture and we are
dedicated to building a team of various backgrounds as one
of our core values. Diverse perspectives and interests
within the team enrich our working practice, make us more
productive, and better serve our various customers since
products are a reflection of the team that built them.

We aim to hire motivated people of all backgrounds,
regardless of their race, age, marital status, gender,
gender identity, ethnicity, religion or sexual
orientation. We are committed to reaching out to networks
for people traditionally disadvantaged in our industry to
invite them to consider our career opportunities.


If you have any suggestions to help us expand these efforts
and reach more people, please don’t hesitate to get in
touch.



Diverse teams are more productive (see Benefits of
women/diversity in teams) It's in line with our values, and
makes for a better world.  Conway’s Law - products are a
product of the team that built them, i.e. communication
styles, organization charts etc have a huge impact on what
you build if we’re hoping to build a product
suitable/helpful for a diverse range of people, the team
itself should reflect that The earlier we start thinking
about this, the better. Once a lack of diversity gets
entrenched, it gets hard to reverse.  and the ‘recruiting
pool’ shrinks Serendipity - the more diverse, the better the
chances and the more interesting the conversations and
sparks




Good orchestras perform auditions behind a curtain - they
are quite literally 'blind'. Yet every tech hiring process
I've led started with a quick LinkedIn search, a glimpse of
the candidate's photo, their name, country of origin, and
education.

We might think we're coldly weighing up the facts, but our
decision-making is being buffeted and biased by those
implicit cues. 

After 7 years in grad school as a psychologist, I should
know better. Blind experimenting trials was a topic in my
Oxford undergraduate psychology 


  The only way to focus on what matters is to blind oneself
to everything that doesn't.

I should know better, and I was determined that this time
things would be different.



